(Ship's horn blaring)
(Sonny) I don't get it.
(Annie) I'm saying I need to take
a moment to myself here.
Musically or what?
It's just the music. It's like I said.
Would you rather it was the other way?
That we broke up but kept playing together?
Why? We're just starting to hit our stride.
I need to stretch myself, you know?
l have to play in different styles.
We're not practicing anymore.
— We're not working on arrangements.
— What the fuck, Annie?
You're drunk or high half the time.
I mean, personally I'm not your mother
and I wouldn't complain about it.
It's just it's hard to play music
when you're like that.
— You got gigs lined up?
— No.
Bullshit! This is bullshit, Annie.
OK, it's bullshit, but I think we should
take a break from playing together.
Without me you got no frontman.
You don't sing much.
— You got nothing but the fiddle.
— I'll do what I can.
So I go on the street,
you play somewhere else,
then we crawl into bed
at the end of the day like it's no big deal?
— Sonny, it's no big deal.
- Fuck no.
We play together.
If we don't play together, we aren't together.
- Sonny, please.
— Either you're with me or you're not.
— Get your shit out of my apartment.
— Sonny!
- |...
— Go! Just get your shit and go.
— (Can clatters)
— (Ship's horn blows)
Professor Bernette.
— Mr. Loomis.
— You gonna be late?
— Want me to fill in for you?
— No, Ben.
I believe l'll fulfill my obligation for today.
— Sorry.
— (Chuckles) No worries.
I'm not one of those militant ex—smokers.
— It's good you quit.
— Because of my size?
Yeah, tobacco would be
one more bullet in the chamber.
Shall we?
This book is really old.
(Cray) Yes, it is.
But The Awakening's human concerns
are as relevant today
as they were at the end of the 19th century.
Hey, at least it's short.
(Ben) Yeah, thank you, Professor Bernette.
— (Laughter)
— (Cray) True.
So I want you to take your time with it.
Pay attention to the language itself,
the ideas.
Don't think in terms
of a beginning and an end,
because unlike some plot—driven entertainments,
there is no closure in real life,
not really.
You said that all books are about a problem that the
protagonist has to solve.
Or a quest.
The protagonist is looking for something.
(Ben) So what's Edna looking for?
Edna's journey is...
She's looking for truth...
or some kind of peace.
— (Girl giggles)
— (Boy yawns)
Now what can y'all tell me about the author?
She was a local?
Kate Chopin lived all over Louisiana.
New Orleans, Natchitoches Parish.
She was the daughter of a Galway man.
Creole. Mostly on her mother's side.
She was colored?
Creole in the old sense of Creole.
Professor Bernette, I know that
class participation is 10% of our grade,
but are the discussions themselves
going to be on the test too?
(Groans) Gwyneth, my dear,
everything will be on the test
and the test will be everything.
But fear not,
for in the end, every one of us will be tested
and every one of us will be found wanting.
(Girl laughs)
A man on the phone tells me
he regrets to inform me that my son is dead.
I told him I am looking at my only son
right there in the kitchen fixing a sandwich.
— What did he say to that, Miss Cherry?
— He said, "Huh?"
Just like that. "Huh?"
Then he asked to speak to my son
and I put Jerome on.
The man says, "Is this Jerome Cherry?"
I say so and he asks if I was locked up
in Orleans Parish.
| tell him I never been locked up anywhere,
not in my whole life.
— What did he say to that?
— He said "Thank you" and hung up.
— This caller give a name?
- He gave it,
but I didn't pay it no nevermind.
And I suppose you didn't have any reason
to talk to LaDonna or her mother
about this phone call, did you?
You're saying it was
my cousin Daymo they had under my name.
(Jerome) Crazy.
Watch yourself coming through, Mama.
The bulk of my weight is back here.
All of this is gonna go to auction.
I sold the walk—in already,
but we still have the prep tables,
the hoods, ventilation.
Is there a significant value here?
I'll get something.
And whatever the amount,
it'll come right back to you, I promise.
Honey, that's not why I was asking.
Daddy's just concerned about you,
not the money.
Oh, don't worry about me. I'll be fine.
I'm already on to the next thing.
Which is?
I've been taking my act on the road.
Guerrilla chef.
I got a kitchen on wheels.
I've done four events already.
l've netted myself almost 1500.
That much?
On a good night I could clear as much profit
as I did at the restaurant
even without the liquor markup.
Bacchanal?
Wine store. In the courtyard
they have in the back.
You guys should stay an extra day
and come. I'll show you how it works.
So...you're staying
in the restaurant business?
What else would I do with myself?
Aside from moving back to Huntsville
and getting married to some lumpy lawyer
and popping out grandkids,
one after the next?
Would that be so bad?
I'm sorry, guys.
I'd rather have my head dipped in duck fat
and shoved in a French oven.
— (J‘ Loud music on radio)
- (Knocking at door)
(Volume decreases)
Man, why you gotta do that, man?
lknocked,dude.
| see you've got Smiley cranked to, like, 11.
That's Huey Smith on ivories,
not Billy fucking Joel.
You can't listen to that shit pianissimo.
What...what's up, man?
I'm having a record release party
on account of my EP just went gold.
- (Laughs)
— New Orleans gold that is,
meaning I'm still getting consignment checks two months
later.
Anyway, we need to have a celebration
to cure the post-Mardem depression.
There ain't been an epic throw—down
— around the way since Carnival.
- Subtle as ever.
My party plan is basic.
Only musicians and hot women are invited.
Musicians for a jam session,
hot women...
for reasons
requiring no elaboration.
— Musicians, hot women...
— Mm—hm.
Lose the musicians,
I think you got something there.
You know nothing of my alchemy.
Live music is what brings women, fool.
Come on, we gotta go run some of these off, get 'em up on
telephone poles.
Oh, I need a keg and a bag of lndo, so...
But you'll go in with me, right?
Shit, Davis. I don't know.
J‘ We're gonna smoke that fiyo
J‘ Down on the bayou
J‘ Way down on the bayou
J‘ We're gonna smoke that fiyo
J‘ Way down on the bayou J‘
— Come on, man! We're gonna smoke that!
— All right!
— All right, I'm in, man.
— You got it, man.
(Radio chatter)
—Where to?
— Um...
They wanted him to stay Jerome Cherry,
because if he stayed Jerome Cherry
in that refrigerated trailer,
— then no one would come looking for him.
- But why, Toni?
Because something happened in that parish jail that they
don't want us to know about,
something more than your brother
falling off his bunk and hitting his head.
See? Look at this.
"Comminuted..." What does that mean?
The injury was to the back of the head,
which could be from a fall,
but it could also be
that he was struck with a blunt instrument
or kicked in the head.
I promise you, LaDonna,
— we're gonna get to some kind of truth.
— Please.
Please.
I know this hurts right now.
I know it must feel like all you wanna do
— is mourn for David, but...
— Toni.
..it's important, before you go any further
with funeral arrangements,
that we have a chance
to do an independent autopsy.
No.
LaDonna, given the circumstances
of David's...
Oh, no, Toni, no.
I'm going out to see
the cemetery people tomorrow.
Daymo going home this weekend.
We'll have an autopsy done before then,
I promise you.
No. Now see, you trying to find out
if Daymo got beat on
in that prison upstate, right?
What if he did?
What if he got beat on by some inmate?
Or by a guard, even?
What then, huh?
You think getting my family all riled up
over what might have happened to Daymo
is gonna make this any easier?
Hell no.
All this mess gonna do is make it harder.
It's about right and wrong, LaDonna.
The boy is dead.
It stays wrong for us
no matter what else happens.
And giving my mama somebody
to blame and hate on
only makes it harder to get past it.
LaDonna, please, just...
think about this, that's all I'm asking.
(J‘ Saxophone playing)
(Music stops)
- Hey.
— Annie?
You leave or did he...
Can I stay for a night or two
until I figure something out?
— Yeah, no problem.
— Thank you.
— If that sofa works for you.
- Yeah.
I mean, I don't think we're all gonna fit in here once Dena
gets back off her tour.
— She uses this front room to rehearse.
- Of course. Just a couple of days.
I need to go back for the rest of my stuff
once I know where I'm going.
After I told him I didn't want to play with him,
he just went off on me.
Annie, you told Sonny
you didn't want to play music with him?
Well, for now, yeah.
Just until he gets his shit together.
But so what? It wasn't like
I was trying to break us up.
I mean, I'm not asking to fuck anyone else,
— just gig with them, you know?
- Yeah, I don't know.
You know, fucking is fucking,
but music...
That's personal.
(Albert) Time is short.
We gotta hurry
if I'm gonna make it out the door.
It always comes down
to the last minute, Daddy.
to everyone in the family
working like crazy
so you could take that walk.
I'm surprised you ain't got Sherry
and the kids working.
(Albert) Are you gonna blame a man
for wanting to have his loving family together?
Every year we're working on a better vision.
You gonna be pretty, Albert.
My first year not having a whole new suit.
Can't believe what that storm did.
You got us up in here sweatin'
and now you're gonna get extra particular?
Don't think I don't appreciate your efforts.
The truth is we all gotta make do
with some of last year's suits.
Man, at least y'all got enough
to make do. I ain't got nothing yet.
- (Laughter)
— I'm just saying, where's my suit?
— That's all.
— (George) Shit.
- Boy, you trippin'.
— You got to earn that one, son.
I felt the same way when l was younger, seeing my father
walk out the door
on St. Joseph's night all bold and proud,
suit sparkling in the streetlight.
I wanted to be making that walk with him.
(Darius) ljust wanna mask with y'all,
that's all.
You're not ready.
Not just yet.
Next year, then.
If you're thinking of next year,
you gotta get ready now.
J‘ Little Spy, get ready
J‘ Ooh na ney
J‘ 40 Flag got ready
J‘ Thank God, I'm ready
J‘ Ooh na ney
J‘ No oombah
J‘ Going to make fiyo
J‘ Ooh na ney
J‘ Tell 'em down by the bayou
J‘ Gonna set 'em all on fiyo J‘
J‘ When you get back
J‘ We're gonna sing a different song
— J‘ But she lied J‘
- Bridge.
J‘ You know that she lied
J‘ You know that she lied J‘
Hold up, fellas. Hold up.
Hey, Janette. Come on in.
— Hey, Jon. Hey, guys.
— Hey.
I thought you might bring
a little taste with you.
We'll have something nice
for you and the fellas tomorrow night.
— I know Big D's looking fonNard to that.
— (J‘ Riffing)
So what is on the menu, anyway?
Whatever looks fresh
at the market in the morning.
Apps, three entrees, dessert.
Last time I cooked at Bacchanal
I did maybe 100 plates,
but this time with you guys,
I'm hoping to pack the place.
— Cool, let's go for it.
— So we should firm it up.
What do you say to 1,000 for the night?
Uh, I would say 1,200.
It's a small venue,
but we need at least thatjust to plug in.
- I could use a break.
— That is a break, baby.
(Laughing) OK, all right.
— All right, all right.
- Bye.
Looking fonNard to sampling your fare.
(Janette) Looking fonNard to it.
(Jon) See ya.
Let's run that little bassline again.
Three, four.
Yeah. Relentless, D.
Relentless.
(J‘ Music playing)
You have to come.
Hi, my name is Davis.
Will you come to my party?
You come too, man. All right?
(Music drowns dialogue)
Brother Antoine,
I hate to interrupt your meal,
— but you gotta come to this.
- What that is?
Um, just the party of the year.
We'll be jamming till the break of dawn.
All right, I'll try to be there.
Whoa! Who's this here?
— That's my daughter, man, Honoree.
- Dude.
Her mama was supposed
to meet up with me
and get her before the gig, but she's late.
— Dude, she's done up like a pork chop, man.
— (Squishing)
Aw, damn, girl, what is you doin'?
Oh, no, no, no, no!
That was so me Mardi Gras before last.
— Hey, Davis, do me a favor.
— l was...
Grab me some paper towels or something.
I'd love to help.
Got a few more stops to make.
— Sorry, bro. She's cute.
— Bro!
— She's really cute.
— You better not run away.
Hey.
Huh—uh.
— Later.
— Ah.
Mm, mm, mm.
(Sighs)
(Door opens, closes)
(Typing)
— Dinner's ready, Daddy.
— | just wanna finish this paragraph.
I'll be in in a minute.
Good as gold.
Hey, come on!
(Crowd cheering)
(Woman) All right!
l, uh...| thought you were gonna be out.
I decided to stick around in case
you needed some help with your stuff.
You working on something?
A couple of songs.
OK, the seeds of songs, but yeah.
I've been thinking I need to write
some original stuff.
— How's it going?
- Fine.
You've been in my head, Annie.
The taxi's double—parked.
I'll be back in a few days
to get the rest of this and drop my key off.
I want you to keep that key.
I'd better go.
Look, I made a mistake.
Put that down for a minute. Let's talk about it.
I can't right now.
You need some time, I'm with that.
So...so what about I call you?
Maybe we could
meet somewhere for coffee.
Coffee would be all right.
(Man) We did take four foot of water.
(LaDonna) Why we ain't heard
a damn thing about this until now?
I got to bring my brother
up in here this weekend.
Ma'am, we've been sending letters
since late January.
You'rejoking, right?
My mama lives on Valence Street.
She still ain't getting mail regularly.
We're gonna fix this, Ma, OK?
— Don't worry.
— (Grunts)
We got the perpetual care, right?
Sure, which provides for graveside care
under basic situations.
But with an act of God such as a hurricane,
— there's nothing in the perpetual care pack.
- Damn.
You know who you sound like?
Allstate, yeah.
Come on, Ma.
You need to sit somewhere.
l'll deal with this.
— How could David...
— |'|| fix it, Ma.
|wi||.
(J‘ Music blaring)
Hey, neighbor.
Ahh...hi.
Uh...
Ah.
"Heaven must be like this."
— Huh?
— (Davis) The Ohio Players.
It's the bad solo jam off of Skin Tight.
So I'm having a party tonight, my crib.
— We gotta work tonight.
— (Sighs)
But we'll come over after.
Anything we can bring?
Your...
personalities.
— (Women giggle)
- Thank you!
- (Giggling)
— See you tonight.
- See ya.
— (Staple gun clicks)
Thank you. Thank you! Yes!
(J‘ Music on radio)
(Banging)
Mr. Lambreaux.
l'm Sergeant Maurice Thompson
from Community Relations.
— Mm—hm.
— You remember we met back at the Calliope?
— This here's Lieutenant Colson.
- What can I do for you two?
— You mind if we have a word?
— Outside.
| see you're working hard
on your suits in there.
Look, Mr. Lambreaux, this thing between Indians and
police goes back a long ways.
But last year it got really ugly
on St. Joseph's.
We don't want to see it going there again.
We trying to keep something alive here
and y'all trying not to see it.
- Now that's on y'all.
— No, that's on both sides, Chief.
Now you know damn well
when the Indians put those suits on,
go out in the street,
they ignore everything the police tell them.
I understand pride, officers,
but it seems that your gang don't think
anyone other than themselves
is entitled to any.
Pride got you beat up
that day at the Calliope,
got you swinging on a patrolman.
It was me that received the first blow.
Look, Chief, you're out on bail
'cause you hit a cop and everyone knows it.
Now, it's clear nothing I say
is gonna stop you or your gang
from coming out on St. Joseph's night,
stepping in traffic,
moving without a permit.
And that means that any street cop could think they'd get a
free shot if they wanted.
— You saying your people coming for us, huh?
- No, no.
I'm saying that I'm worried.
Now, last year I watched this thing spin out
of control. Now, maybe because of that,
maybe because of what happened after
with Big Chief Tootie,
l was told to come up
with a tactical plan for this year,
stop it all from happening again.
Well, son, what's your plan?
Hell if I know.
But I do remember
before he fell out at the council meeting,
Big Chief Tootie was talking
about the old days, you remember?
He talked about how the police would be tightening the
straps on their batons.
And he would tell his gang
not to look at them,
to step past the fight if they could.
Big Chief Tootie died on the battlefield.
It might have been
the City Council chamber to you,
but it was the battlefield for us.
But Tootie wasn't looking
for a battle that day.
He was looking for some other way.
You giving your gang the same message you're bringing
mine?
I'm trying to.
And the damn contract
we got for perpetual care
is like 20 pages of tiny—ass print.
Crazy.
You call Toni Bernette?
— That lawyer might could help.
— I ain't doing no more lawyers.
All I need is to move that funeral
back a week
and find the money
to get that crypt fixed up before then.
- That's all I gotta do.
— You ain't got the money.
Mm. The man saying
it's nearly 2,000 in work
— to get it back right.
— (Sharp intake of breath)
So go to Larry.
I mean, he gonna do the right thing on this.
Nah, I can't ask him for it
when it's my family's crypt.
He don't care.
He got the money and you in need.
Uh—uh. I don't want it to be like that.
| start leaning on his money,
soon enough he gonna be talking about
ain't no reason for me
to keep this bar going.
Mm—hm. So how much you got?
On hand, after I pay the liquor man,
1,100.
— 1,100.
- (Helicopter overhead)
Mm—hm.
(Rustling)
150 right there.
Antoine, that nonsense last week
between you and me.
That was a Mardi Gras fuck, that's all.
— That ain't got nothing to do with it.
— I'm just saying.
We in Lent now. The legs are closed.
Just pick up the money, LaDonna.
Stop talking shit.
You need to bury your damn brother.
(Door creaking)
Thank you, Antoine.
We family.
We're kind of closed right now, son,
unless you want something to go.
No, nothing for me. I'm here for you, ma'am.
Gonna fix your roof.
J‘ Do like the Gentiles do
J‘ Christ, they wanted to be Gentiles too
J‘ But who wouldn't down there?
J‘ Wouldn't you?
J‘ An American Christian
J‘ God damn
J‘ On the Dixie line
— J‘ Bound for New Orleans
- (Coins clink)
J‘ Back to her friends and family
J‘ In the land of dreams
J‘ On the Dixie line
J‘ Bound for New Orleans
J‘ Across the state of Texas
to the land of dreams J‘
- Whoo!
— (Coins clinking)
— Hey, Davis.
- Hey.
- How are ya?
— I'm well and I'll be a lot better
if you journey to my Treme estate
for a soiree.
— (J‘ Piano)
— And, uh, bring the...bring your fiddle,
because all kind of folk are sitting in.
I got a gig on Frenchmen Street
this evening.
Oh! Come after.
Well, bring him if you want.
Or not.
Sneak off in the night.
Look, it's got the address.
Stuff it in a pocket.
Party or not, you're always welcome here.
Whoo!
But I gave my money to Riley
and the court's gonna
say that lying motherfucker
is the one who gotta fix my roof.
Yes, ma'am, he got behind the eight ball,
but Riley's a good man.
He just messed up the cash flow some.
I paid Riley.
I ain't giving no more money
to you or anybody else.
No need. I got enough saved
to cover materials
and the job will only take me two days.
- You got my word.
— So let me understand this.
You done waltzed in here and tell this lady
that you don't need no money to fix her roof
and that if she say so, you'll fix it in...
Two days.
I'm from the state of Texas, ma'am.
No disrespect, but y'all got
a defective work ethic down here.
Excuse me.
Hey, baby.
You look great.
Oh, my God.
Where's... Ah, you're here?
Gents, tink tink.
Hi, baby.
Ooh.
Ladies and gentlemen,
this is a party in the Treme,
which means we will not
be using the stereo.
Professor, if you will.
(J‘ Music playing)
J‘ What we've got
J‘ More rhythm than what you got
J‘ We got a whole lot of soul, y'all J‘
Duck and andouille, corn cakes.
What's missing, Lou?
— Pepperjelly.
— Key.
Miguel, grab the jelly from the stove.
- Si, OK.
— Maxine, order for Maxine.
- Looks lovely, Janette.
— Wait. Last touch, darlin'.
Can't do without that.
— I miss your restaurant.
— Aw, enjoy.
— OK, I gotta get started on more pork chops.
— (Louise) Everybody's favorite, huh?
You all right on the register
and taking orders?
I'm going to work, boss.
Who's the guy I gotta know
to get some service around here?
Hey, you're rude to the staff,
you'll be waiting a long time, pal.
— (Speaks Spanish)
— What did he say?
Uh, he says he can smell something.
Lluvia, whatever that is.
J‘ Ain't puttin' nobody down
J‘ Don't wanna rock nobody's roll
J‘ How's your funk gonna be funky, y'all?
J‘ I said if—a you ain't cookin' with soul?
J‘ What we've got J‘
(J‘ Music playing)
Hey, you better not slow down.
Kermit's in there waiting on you, man.
— Save me a sausage, will you?
— I'll have my girl run it into you, Antoine.
Good lookin' out.
(Crowd cheering)
(J‘ Music playing)
(Song ends)
(All cheering)
That is not on my latest CD,
which is nonetheless available at the door.
So take one and leave
a token of your appreciation
in the jar if the spirit moves you.
Can you guys do Irma Thomas?
- Can I do Irma?
— | Wish Someone Would Care, please.
I can play the piano part, but I can't be lrma.
(Woman) Uh, I can.
(Davis laughs) What? For real?
Trust me, honey, she can sing.
— (Man) She cook too?
- Let her buck.
— (Woman) Can I get it in D?
— You got it, baby.
- (J‘ Plays)
— (J‘ Vocalizing)
(Woman) All right!
(J‘ Vocalizing)
J‘ Sitting home alone
J‘ Thinkin' about my past
J‘ Wonderin' how I made it
J‘ And how long it's gonna last
J‘ Success has come to lots of them
J‘ And failure's always there
J‘ Time waits for no one
J‘ And | wish
J‘ How I wish someone would care J‘
(Janette) Ellie! Order for Ellie.
J‘ We got the fire in our eyes
(Janette) Shortcake.
(Louise) Hi.
J‘ I'm goin' down to get my sword J‘
— Oh, back for seconds, are ya?
— Already had that. I'm here for dessert.
(Music drowns dialogue)
Order in, two catfish.
— (Louise) You got another gumbo order.
- OK, gumbo.
J‘ How I wish someone would care
J‘ Just wish someone would care
J‘ Don't you think someone should care?
J‘ Just wish someone would care J‘
(All cheering)
(Man) Magnie! Magnie in the house!
You didn't tell me
you had Magnie up in here.
— Now I'm embarrassed.
— (Man) Don't be, darlin'. You were great.
Thanks for coming, baby.
Here you go, Mark.
(Wind blowing)
What do you think?
The weatherman didn't call for it.
— Thank you. We're gonna take a little break.
— (Crowd cheering)
I ain't gonna get electrocuted for my art.
— (Wind chimes clacking)
- lt'll blow over, right?
(Thunder rumbling)
(J‘ Music playing)
(Thunder booming)
- (Music stops)
— (Crowd complaining)
(All cheering)
— All right, all right, ladies and gentlemen.
- (Rain pouring)
— We're safe and warm in here...
— (Man) Yeah, you right.
— ..so let's have some fun!
- (Crowd cheering)
— (Thunder booming)
- (People shouting)
(Man) Save the beer!
(Second man) Come on,
inside we go. Good job.
(Woman) I'm going home. I'll see y'all later.
(Jon) Get that stuff inside.
(Second woman) Gonna grab my purse.
I'll meet you at the bar.
(Thunderclaps)
Fuck me. Fuck me!
(J‘ Music playing)
(Man) Yeah, yeah.
J‘ I don't carry no pistol
J‘ I don't wear no false mustache
J‘ And you'll never see me carrying around
J‘ A little black bag
J‘ I got a reputation of bein'
J‘ Gentle but bold
J‘ And that's why they call me
J‘ Agent Double—0 Soul, baby
J‘ Agent Double—0 Soul
J‘ Agent Double—0 Soul J‘
— Wonderful party.
— Thanks, man.
— No?
— Mm.
Careful.
You're all right, Davis.
— l have to admit something.
— Uh—oh.
No, no, no, no. I need to say this.
l have a confession to make.
I did call the police that time last summer
when you were rehearsing
the brass band on the first floor.
- That was me.
— Dude, don't worry on it.
You called the cops
for loud music in the Treme?
Bygones, bygones.
I didn't know he did it.
I had nothing whatsoever to do with that.
Any other secrets you'd like
to unburden yourself of?
Don, lighten up!
- It's bygones.
— Come on, baby.
No fighting, no fighting.
God, Allan, I cannot believe
you would just lie to me like that.
— I don't know who I'm living with anymore.
- It's a vale of tears.
Henry.
(Laughs) Hey, darlin'. Where you been at?
Party's spent.
A good one, though, while it lasted.
Party? ls Davis still up?
Still up, still crazy.
| just knew something
was gonna come through for me tonight.
Something?
Someone.
You had a party, Davis?
You didn't invite me.
(Sighs) Oh. Uh...
Well, you had your gig at Bacchanal
and l didn't...| didn't want you to be upset.
Yeah, my gig at Bacchanal...
— (Rain pattering)
- What's wrong?
(Clears throat) You have class today?
Freshman lit, my calling.
lthought that was an 11 o'clock.
I'm not leaving yet.
l have some things in the office
I need to do before I go.
Dad could drop me off
at school later.
It's not like we're doing anything
important in first period anyway.
None of it's important according to you.
— You're coming with me.
— Dad.
Better listen to your mom.
— (He growls)
- (Laughs)
Mm.
You all right, Cray?
Well, once more into the breach.
Hey, Sof!
Sweetie, Daddy.
— l...|just...
—What?
| just wanted to tell you
you look very pretty today.
Really nice.
- (Kisses)
— Thanks, Daddy.
— Enjoy your day.
- I will.
— Hey, Toni.
— Huh?
Kick a little ass today.
(Laughs)
— You buckled up?
- (Engine starts)
— (Davis) Mm, morning.
- Hm.
I'm sorry about your night.
(She sighs)
I'm glad you ended it here, though.
No, don't be.
The thunderstorm cleared things up for me.
There'll be other opportunities.
I know that, but not here.
Ugh, not that again.
— You can't...you can't be serious.
- Mm, I am.
You're a damn good chef.
I am better than good,
but this town beat me.
As much as I love it,
I'm not trying to fight with it anymore.
But New York?
I wanna see how I stack up
against the big boys, you know?
Without all these...
these broke—ass levees
— and blocked gas lines and...
- Hey.
May | quote the author of
La Cuisine Creole?
I believe it's your professional bible.
Jesus, Davis, do you ever stop?
New York is very fashionable and fast,
so fast you can't even stroll through it.
You just get pushed along.
And don't plan on getting invited
to any backyard barbecues
— because there ain't no backyards.
- You don't know that.
Everyone dressed in business suits,
working, working, working.
Of course the, uh...what do you call it?
— The financials are very strong.
— Davis.
or a four—hour lunch?
Would you rather have a Macy's Day Parade
with fucking Bullwinkle floats...
or an impromptu second line
where you dance your ass off
with your neighbors?
Is your check from the tourism board
in the mail?
There are so many...
beautiful moments here.
They're just moments.
They're not a life.
You about to sit there all day?
- What else I'm gonna do?
— Well, we could use a little help.
See if you can do better
on a job than the last time.
What's the job?
I got a rack of supplies
I gotta pick up at Home Depot,
store here in the bar...gypsum and alum.
— What's that?
— Raw materials for plaster.
— Boy, you wanna make some coin or what?
- I ain't seen nothing yet,
after all that work I did
helping him with that suit.
You do my lifting for me,
you'll get a little something today.
All right.
Shit, I don't know which one of you two
I feel more sorry for.
(Chuckles)
"She was blindly following
whatever impulse moved her
"as if she had placed herself
in alien hands for direction
"and freed her soul of responsibility."
OK, Ben?
I'm just trying to put this book
into perspective.
Is The Awakening the first
women's lib novel or something?
I wouldn't...
No, to label it as such
would be to ghettoize a great work.
(Gwyneth) Well, what happens to Edna was...
I thought it was really depressing.
No, no.
This isn't a feminist manifesto.
This book is not about Edna's emancipation from male
authority,
and the ending of the book
is not the end.
It is a transition,
a rejection of disappointment and failure.
The farther Edna walks away
from the constraints
of society and convention,
the more free she becomes.
She's not moving toward the darkness.
She's embracing spiritual liberation.
I'm gonna let y'all go early today.
— (Girl) All right!
— Go out and read. It's a glorious day.
(Students chattering)
(Girl) Thank God.
(Boy) You the man, teach.
(Sonny) J‘ Come on, baby
J‘ Let me show you where it's at
J‘ Oh, come on
J‘ The name of the place, I like it like that
J‘ Yeah, there's a place across the track
J‘ The name of the place
J‘ ls I like it like that J‘
(Grunting)
It's called "work." Get used to it.
Your back's gonna hurt
for the next 40, 50 years.
Hey, I should at least get a beer
at the end of the day like y'all, right?
We got one more stop to make. Let's go.
What's it gonna be, then, boss?
A bowl of gumbo, barbecue shrimp po' boy
and another Abita Amber.
That's what I like to hear.
Nothing like Liuzza's, huh?
Some say this one's better
than the other one on Bienville.
The Pope in Avignon.
(Darius) Those army dudes?
(Albert) Just back from active duty in Iraq.
I heard a rumor they were down here now.
Wanted to see it for myself.
So? You ain't changed nothing
doing what you did.
Lost a battle is all.
But sometimes the battles worth fighting
are the ones you know you're gonna lose.
Those cops, they know who you are.
You see the way they keep looking at you?
— Uh—huh.
— But you could get locked up again.
They gonna do what they gonna do.
Me, I'm gonna be heard.
So that's why you wanna mask?
Mm—hm.
(Ship's horn blaring)
I love me some Fess,
but it don't go so easily with violin.
Jambalaya. I'll do Gatemouth.
— (Chuckles)
- One, two.
(J‘ Music on radio)
Oh!
So happy to see you.
100 more from last night's gig, for Daymo.
- Who the fuck is you?
— You can pay me back when you can.
I called Larry last night.
He wiring the rest of the money today.
— (Loud banging)
— Oh. Well, that's good.
I know he glad he could help.
(Banging continues)
- You not gonna open up today?
— Why bother, with all that noise?
Tell you what,
that boy's a workhorse, though.
Shouldn't be all that much longer
before he's done.
It's all gonna work out.
You'll see.
(J‘ Violin playing)
Are you sure?
Always for pleasure, dear.
Can I burn one of those from you?
- They're reds.
— All the better.
Don't ever let anyone tell you to quit.
These are wonderful.
Obliged.
- (Birds squawking)
— (J‘ Organ music playing)
— Where are you headed?
- My place.
Where's that?
You want me to walk with you?
I'll be OK. It's just a couple of blocks.
I hope we, uh, play together again. Night.
What exactly is a dependent clause?
You're asking the wrong person.
That's your father's department.
But I need to turn this in tomorrow.
Where is he?
I tried to call. He's not answering his cell.
Probably just out ofjuice.
You know how he forgets to charge it.
(Buoy bell clanging)
(Ship's horn blaring)